The problem statement is you will be given a positive
number and a value N and you have to check
if the nth bit is set or not.
For example if the given number is 64, and this is
its binary representation.
And if we have n equal to five, we need
to check if the fifth bit is set or not.
So here the fifth bit is zero
So it is not set or OFF.
And if we have n equal to seven, we need
to check if the seventh bit is set or not.
And here the seventh bit is one. So it is
set or ON.
So your task is to write the logic for this
"Check if nth bit is set or not" problem and submit it
using the below compiler. See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the n parties 64 and 5 the expected output is OFF
and if the input is 64 and 7 the expected output is ON.